it was the ACC home opener for the notre
dame women's soccer team here at alumni
stadium on thursday night as they hosted
the syracuse orange notre dame looking
to extend a three-game win streak both
teams kicking off their inaugural
seasons in the acc after coming over
from the Big East Irish threatening
about 13 minutes in Lauren Bowie boy
looks like she will put Notre Dame on
the board but the orange defender saves
the goal and the score stays nodded at 0
as the team's head into the locker room
the first half we kept the ball a lot
and we dominated the play but we didn't
really create enough opportunities six
minutes into the second half Notre Dame
looking to take the lead again Anna
Maria Gilbertson gets a hold of one but
it hits the crossbar the Irish
dominating the possession battle
throughout the game but no goals to show
for it up to this point they had a great
game plan they dropped off really deep
and defended and tried to catch us on
the counter and we figured they were
going to do that and I think he knew
that he could frustrate us a little bit
and they did a great job of that tonight
so I'll give a lot of credit to to
Syracuse time winding down their name
with one last chance on a free kick the
ball goes into the box there's a
scramble and Sammy Schofield finally
gets a head on it and the Irish take the
lead with just one second remaining
Notre Dame wins one nil so it's a great
way to end I don't know in 15 years here
I've had a game that's gone down the
last second like that you know that's
like a college basketball buzzer-beater
kind of thing and so it made for great
highlights I'm sure for everybody but we
certainly would have liked to put it
away a little bit earlier I think this
is what our fans can come to expect is
that every game is going to be like this
it's no matter how many wins and losses
they have the conference is just that
tough so keep coming out and supporting
us because we need that extra 12th man
up in the stands the Irish are now 3 and
0 in the ACC conference that's good for
first place they'll continue this home
stand at alumni stadium next Thursday as
they host the Maryland Terrapins for
fighting irish digital media i'm meghan
vestido go Irish
Oh